README.md, before:

## Aspose.Page-for-Java

[Aspose.Page for Java](https://products.aspose.com/page/java) Aspose.Page for Java offers features of creating new as well as manipulating existing XPS and EPS documents. It also provides functionality to convert XPS and EPS files into PDF and Images Documents and vice versa.

This repository contains [Examples](Examples) projects for [Aspose.Page for Java](https://products.aspose.com/page/java) to help you learn and write your own applications.

<p align="center">

  <a title="Download complete Aspose.Page for Java source code" href="https://github.com/aspose-page/Aspose.Page-for-Java/archive/master.zip">
	<img src="https://raw.github.com/AsposeExamples/java-examples-dashboard/master/images/downloadZip-Button-Large.png" />
  </a>
</p>

Directory | Description
--------- | -----------
[Examples](Examples)  | A collection of Java examples that help you learn the product features

## Resources

+ **Website:** [www.aspose.com](http://www.aspose.com)
+ **Product Home:** [Aspose.Page for Java](https://products.aspose.com/page/java)
+ **Download:** [Download Aspose.Page for Java](https://repository.aspose.com/webapp/#/artifacts/browse/tree/General/repo/com/aspose/aspose-page)
+ **Documentation:** [Aspose.Page for Java Documentation](https://docs.aspose.com/display/pagejava/Home)
+ **Free Support:** [Aspose.Page for Java Free Support Forum](https://forum.aspose.com/c/page)
+ **Paid Support:** [Aspose.Page for Java Paid Support Forum](https://helpdesk.aspose.com/)
+ **Blog:** [Aspose.Page for Java Blog](https://blog.aspose.com/category/page/)

Commit message:

Updated README.md for guidance about running the examples

README.md, after:

## Aspose.Page-for-Java

[Aspose.Page for Java](https://products.aspose.com/page/java) Aspose.Page for Java offers features of creating new as well as manipulating existing XPS and EPS documents. It also provides functionality to convert [XPS](https://wiki.fileformat.com/page-description-language/xps/) and [EPS](https://wiki.fileformat.com/page-description-language/eps/) files into [PDF](https://wiki.fileformat.com/view/pdf/) and Images Documents and vice versa.

This repository contains [Examples](Examples) projects for [Aspose.Page for Java](https://products.aspose.com/page/java) to help you learn and write your own applications.

<p align="center">

  <a title="Download complete Aspose.Page for Java source code" href="https://github.com/aspose-page/Aspose.Page-for-Java/archive/master.zip">
	<img src="https://raw.github.com/AsposeExamples/java-examples-dashboard/master/images/downloadZip-Button-Large.png" />
  </a>
</p>

Directory | Description
--------- | -----------
[Examples](Examples)  | A collection of Java examples that help you learn the product features

## How to Run the Examples

+ You can either clone the repository using your favorite GitHub client or download the ZIP file from here.
+ Extract the contents of the ZIP file to any folder on your computer. All the examples are located in the Examples folder.
+ You can run/execute these examples with any IDE of your choice.
+ Open the project in your selected IDE.
+ Open the example file that you want to run.
+ Run the file in your IDE (method may vary depending on the IDE you use).
+ The resources folder in the Examples/src folder contains input files used in the examples. It is mandatory that you download this folder along with the examples project.

Please find more details on how to run the examples [here](https://docs.aspose.com/display/pagejava/How+to+Run+Examples).

## Resources

+ **Website:** [www.aspose.com](http://www.aspose.com)
+ **Product Home:** [Aspose.Page for Java](https://products.aspose.com/page/java)
+ **Download:** [Download Aspose.Page for Java](https://repository.aspose.com/webapp/#/artifacts/browse/tree/General/repo/com/aspose/aspose-page)
+ **Documentation:** [Aspose.Page for Java Documentation](https://docs.aspose.com/display/pagejava/Home)
+ **Free Support:** [Aspose.Page for Java Free Support Forum](https://forum.aspose.com/c/page)
+ **Paid Support:** [Aspose.Page for Java Paid Support Forum](https://helpdesk.aspose.com/)
+ **Blog:** [Aspose.Page for Java Blog](https://blog.aspose.com/category/page/)
